---------------ALLMATH--------------------

Is an awsome math program that will calculate and do a variety of things (work and equations shown on most things) 
including: complete the square, direct/indirect variation, number of solutions, midpoint, prime numbers, Pythagorean theorem, 
quadratic formula, slope, distance, vertex, area, volume, surface area, y intercept, Fibonacci sequence, 
circumference, average, simplified square roots, proportions, system of equations, distance of point to line, 
types of quadrilaterals, scientific notation, a point of an isosceles trapezoid, Pythagorean triples, 
law of sines/cosines, DMS, geometric mean, circle equation maker, lateral area, apothem finder, point-slope 
to Y-intercept, frustums, graphing without Y= format, graphing < and >, vector magnitude and direction, 
vector addition, and 3D distance, test for collinear points, 3D midpoint, sphere equation maker, distance of parallel lines, 
modulus, 3 variable system of equations, standard form to y intercept, cramers rule, 3 points to equation for parabola, 
graphing inequalities, All about conics (equation makers, details about, and etc.), logarithms of X base, iterations, 
sequences, and sum of sequences, *Newly added Cramer's Rule for a system of 3 equations* - been a while but i'm back!.

**For TI-84+ C/CE editions please search ticalc.org for corresponding Allmath version!

Allmath is compatible with MirageOS 1.2!!!

Recommended for Pre-algebra through Calculus. Version 7.13

I Know that Allmath is big! I am working on making it as small as possible. But meanwhile you will have to archive everything to run Allmath.

--TO ARCHIVE OR DELETE THINGS--
Press 2nd then MEM which is over the + button. The go to the Mem Mgmt/Del menu, which is number 2, then go to the All Menu which is number 1. After that you will see a list of programs and stuff. To archive something scroll to it and then press Enter. A little star should appear next to it. If it asks you to Garbage Collect go to Yes and wait about a minute. To Unarchive press enter again and the star will disappear. If you want to delete something, from the same menu press delete and then yes. when a program is archived you can't run it until it is unarchived.
------------------

WARNING: if you still have MirageOS version 1.1 then what are you waiting for go update it now to 1.2!


When you open Allmath the welcome screen will appear. You can just press any key to continue. 
When in the menus you can press both numbers of the subprogram you want to go to and press enter. 
Also when in the menus you can just press enter to go to the last program you went to or 2nd for a little 
bit of quick help. If an error pops up while in a subprogram I suggest you "Quit" because if you "Goto" it 
will scroll for like 3 min.


This version fixes couple small bugs scattered throughout and adds Cramer's Rule for a system of three equations.


------Special Thanks to Jeff Gregory and the humongous TI-83 Plus manual------


I don't mind if you modify anything but please try to give me a little credit.

If Allmath screws up your calculator I am in no way responsible for it, but I could probably help you fix it because it is virtually imposible to permanently ruin your calculator with any program.


If you find any bugs, have any questions, or any requests please E-Mail me, Edwin Howard, at: e12voltsdac@gmail.com